>> Jen Kramer: So this hamburger button.
We're gonna put it up here at the top,
right?
That's where good hamburgers go,
they go at the very top of the document.
So let's go ahead and start this,
and we're gonna put in,
it's gonna be a clickable thing.
So we'll start with an a href.
>> Jen Kramer: And
I'm gonna have this link to main menu.
>> Jen Kramer: That's pound main menu.
We'll eventually have an ID for that and
the class will be menu-toggle, okay, and
we're also gonna give this an ID,
main-menu-toggle.
>> Jen Kramer: It's always hard the first
line of code because you're like,
why are you doing that?
Why are you doing that?
All will become clear as we write
a little bit more code here, so
just sort of take my word for
it for the moment.
Obviously, we need to close that tag.
And in between,
we need to put something to click on.
>> Speaker 2: You also need a-
>> Jen Kramer: And
I need a quote right there.
There we go.
Thank you, and then here in the middle,
we'll go ahead and
put in our font awesome, -span,
>> Jen Kramer: Class=fa fa-bars.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, if you copy
this right out of font awesome,
it will be in an eye tag.
I've never been a fan of the eye tag,
but so
spam tag will do pretty
much the same thing.
It's a generic tag.
So there's our bars, yay.
There's the hamburger button.
Tell me about this
hamburger button right now.
Is it doing anything?
What is it doing?
>> Jen Kramer: It's just
hanging out there on the page.
Let's go ahead and
put in the next chunk of HTML here.
And our nav,
we're gonna put in an id of main menu.
That's where it comes from.
So when we click on this
button up here on the top.
Somehow we're gonna
trigger our navigation.
So those two things go together.
Makes sense?
And then we're gonna give that a class.
Main menu, and
then inside of that we'll go on ahead and
put in an a href equals,
>> Jen Kramer: Close my tag.
>> Jen Kramer: This is gonna
go to main menu toggle
>> Jen Kramer: And we'll give it a class
of menu-close.
>> Jen Kramer: Any one wanna guess
what's gonna go inside of my a tag here?
>> Speaker 2: Awesome.
>> Jen Kramer: Fun, some kind of fun,
awesome doing what?
>> Jen Kramer: How about a big x?
Yeah, big x.
So once again, if you copy it out of fun,
awesome, it will give you an i tag.
I'm gonna use a span.
Up to you, fa, fa hyphen close.
>> Jen Kramer: Close the span.
>> Jen Kramer: And then the last little
thing I'm gonna add here is down at
the bottom after the navigation before,
actually after this slash nav tag,
we're gonna add this,
a href equals and this is weird.
And I don't expect you're gonna
understand what it is just yet, but
take my word on it,
it's gonna be really cool.
Main-menu-toggle.
>> Jen Kramer: And
then a class of backdrop.
>> Jen Kramer: And it's gonna be hidden.
>> Jen Kramer: And
that link has nothing in between.
Anyone wanna take a guess what that weird
little line of code might be doing?
>> Jen Kramer: Has a thing
called backdrop in it.
There's a hidden in it.
>> Speaker 2: If we unclick,
it'll toggle the hidden or the display?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
there's something here going on.
So what we're building is
an off canvas kind of thing.
We're gonna slide in the menu.
So we have the menu on the page.
What happens if they don't click the x?
What if they click over there somewhere?
What happens?
>> Jen Kramer: I don't know, right?
So this line of code is gonna do that,
it's gonna make the whole screen
clickable to make the menu disappear.